.TH DELUGE-CONSOLE 1

.SH NAME
deluge-console - A BitTorrent client console interface

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B deluge-console [options]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Deluge utilizes a client/server model, with \fBdeluged\fR being the daemon process and \fBdeluge-console\fR being used to launch a curses console user-interface.
.P
.SS Console Commands:
You can pass console commands directly from the command line and use semi-colon (\fB;\fR) separator to run multiple commands. Enclosing the commands with quotes may also be required
for example:

    \fBdeluge-console 'add <torrent>; info <torrent_id>'\fR

The following console commands are available:
.TS
tab (@);
lB lx.
add@Add torrents
cache@Show information about the disk cache
config@Show and set configuration values
connect@Connect to a new deluge server
debug@Enable and disable debugging
del@Alias for \fBrm\fR
exit@Alias for \fBquit\fR
gui@Enable interactive mode
halt@Shutdown the deluge server
help@Displays help on other commands
info@Show information about the torrents
manage@Show and manage per-torrent options
move@Move torrents' storage location
pause@Pause torrents
plugin@Manage plugins
quit@Exit the client
reannounce@Alias for \fBupdate_tracker\fR
recheck@Forces a recheck of the torrent data
resume@Resume torrents
rm@Remove a torrent
status@Shows various status information from the daemon
update_tracker@Update tracker for torrent(s)
.TE

.SH OPTIONS
.SS Config Options
.TP
.BI \-c\  path \fR,\ \fB\-\-config= path
Set the config directory location.

.SS Console Options
These daemon connect options will be used for commands, or if console ui autoconnect is enabled.
.TP
.BI \-d\  ip_addr \fR,\ \fB\-\-daemon= ip_addr
Deluge daemon IP address to connect to (default 127.0.0.1)
.TP
.BI \-p\  port \fR,\ \fB\-\-port= port
Deluge daemon port to connect to (default 58846)
.TP
.BI \-U\  user \fR,\ \fB\-\-username= user
Deluge daemon username to use when connecting
.TP
.BI \-P\  pass \fR,\ \fB\-\-password= pass
Deluge daemon password to use when connecting

.SS Logging Options
.TP
.BI \-l\  file \fR,\ \fB\-\-logfile= file
Output to specified logfile instead of stdout
.TP
.BI \-L\  loglevel \fR,\ \fB\-\-loglevel= loglevel
Set the log level (default is error):
.B none, info, warning, error, debug
.TP
.B \-q\fR,\ \fB\-\-quiet
Sets the log level to \fBnone\fR, same as \fB\-L none
.TP
.BI \-\-logrotate\fR[\fB=\fImax-size\fR]
Enable logfile rotation, with optional maximum logfile
size, default: 2M (Logfile rotation count is 5)
.TP
.BI \-\-profile\fR[\fB=\fIfile\fR]
Profile with cProfile. Outputs to stdout unless a filename is specified

.SS Help Options
.TP
.B \-V\fR,\ \fB\-\-version
Show program's version number and exit.
.TP
.B \-h\fR,\ \fB\-\-help
Show help message and exit.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR deluge (1),
.BR deluged (1),
.BR deluge-web (1)

.SH AUTHORS
.B Deluge Team: http://www.deluge-torrent.org
